satpdb10110	FF	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb10278	F-Hph	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb10337	FA	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb10396	FR	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb10671	VLLN-Fum-GGF	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb10799	VV-Chg-Q-Fum-GGF	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb10828	VA-Chg-C1-NHAc-Fum-GGF	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb10886	F-hPhe	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb11377	F-Hph	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb12726	F-hPhe-(CO)-F	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb13016	F-Lys(eZ)	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb13181	LY	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb13523	VV-Chg-N-Fum-GGF	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb13780	F-hPhe	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb14621	FA	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb14629	F-R	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb14968	L-hPhe-(CO)-F	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb15002	FY	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb16082	fA	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb16559	FY	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb16650	L-Hph	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb16894	F-Ser(OBzl)	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb17069	L-hPhe	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb17594	VA-Chg-N-Fum-GGF	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb18137	FR	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb18532	FF	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb18907	LY	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb20744	fR	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb20836	L-hPhe	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb21001	L-hPhe-(CO)-F	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb21175	yA	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb21500	FV	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb22571	F-hPhe	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb22883	FK	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb24096	F-Hph	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb24111	F-hPhe	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb24278	L-hPhe	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb25401	fA	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb26302	fR	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb26434	F-HPhe	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb26538	F-hPhe	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb27077	LY	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb27123	FA	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb28195	L-hPhe	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb28451	Boc-Asp-CH2F	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb28821	FY	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
satpdb28898	L-HPhe	2	antiparasitic, antimicrobial,	antiplasmodial	cysteine protease inhibitor,	parapep
